welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the invisible guest
[Music]
spanish businessman adrian doria is out
on bail after being arrested for the
murder of his lover
laura vidal his lawyer felix slava
hires prestigious defense attorney
virginia goodman
who visits him early one morning with
the news that the prosecutor has found a
witness who will be testifying in front
of a judge
soon so he must tell the whole story
quickly
adrian tells virginia how he and laura
ended their affair months ago but
received a call blackmailing them to
come to a rural hotel with 100 000 euros
at the hotel adrian was knocked
unconscious and awoke to find laura dead
in the bathroom
the police arrive and finding the room
door locked and chained from the inside
break in the windows are locked and the
handles removed during the winter
leaving adrian the only suspect
after his arrest his wife leaves him and
takes their young daughter
virginia insists adrian is not telling
her the whole truth
adrian then narrates further back how he
claimed to be in paris but was really in
a cabin with laura
as they drive back to barcelona through
sierra white kanyone's daguara
tries to convince her to end their
adulterous relationship
distracted adrian swerves into the
oncoming lane to avoid a deer
clipping another car which hits a tree
although they are unhurt the driver of
the other car
a bank employee named daniel garrido 23
is killed laura rationalizes that it is
not entirely their fault since daniel
was texting and not wearing his seat
belt
when another car approaches laura pushes
daniel's body down across the passenger
seat
and she and audrione pretend to exchange
insurance information
she answers daniel's phone when it rings
to continue the ruse
and the other driver leaves convinced
laura waits for a tow truck in adrian's
car which will not start
while adrian dumps daniel's car in a
lake with his body in the trunk
adrian remains around the place of the
accident while laura departs with the
tow truck towing adrian's car
later on laura upset returns to the
place of the accident
where adrian is still waiting driving
adrian's car
and tells him how his car was repaired
an automotive engineer thomas drove by
and offered to help laura
who claims she hit a deer he towed
adrian's car
to his tomas house to fix it
while talking to tomas wife elvira
laura sees some photographs and realizes
daniel garrido as their son
laura who still has daniel's phone in
her pocket
hides it in their couch as elvira calls
looking for her son
as laura leaves in adrian's car tomas
garrido notices her adjusting her seat
proving that she was lying when she
claimed she was driving
he notes the car's number plates as
laura leaves
after adrian sells his car and reports
it's stolen
he parts ways with laura hopefully for
good
within a few days adrian is summoned to
the police station
as tomas has reported his plate number
to the police
felix arranges for a false alibi for
adrian in paris
and bribes the police to remove adrian's
name from the garrito case file
when the news report that daniel is on
the run after embezzling money from the
bank
adrian confronts laura who admits that
she had taken daniel's wallet when they
put his body in the trunk
later on using the information of daniel
laura whose husband works for the same
bank
hacked into daniel's account and stole
money to create a fake trail
adrian tells her that what she did is
wrong but laura threatens to frame him
too
adriana's named european businessman of
the year
and tomas poses as a reporter during the
ceremony to confront him
tomas notices that adrian pulls out the
same cigarette lighter he saw when
fixing the car
he begs adrian to tell him where his
son's body is to bury him as security
removes tomas
days later adrian receives a photo of a
lake with instructions to take laura to
the rural hotel with 100
000 euros adrian thinks the blackmailer
may be the driver they saw after the
accident
if he followed adrian as he dumped the
car into the lake
back in the present virginia suggests
that to save himself
adrian could claim he saw the face of
the man who hit him in the rural hotel
room and that attacker was tomas
she tells adrian that there was no
surprise witness
referring to the witness virginia
mentioned when she and adrian just met
each other
and she only told him that to force him
to tell the truth of the whole story
quickly
adrian then reveals he had always known
it was tomas
as he did see his face but was also
testing virginia
virginia suggests planting an item of
laura's in the trunk of daniel's car
with daniel's body
and claiming she acted alone adrian then
confesses that as he was pushing the car
into the lake
daniel woke up as he was only
unconscious
an autopsy would reveal he drowned
virginia is shocked but states she will
not reveal this to the judge
virginia says laura's autopsy shows she
was suffering from anxiety
likely from a guilty conscience and
suggests adriana's lying to make it seem
like
laura was the mastermind behind their
deceit
however virginia says she believes tomas
framed him because elvira the wife of
tomas
works at the rural hotel where laura's
body was found
and that's why the burritos chose that
place elvira could have easily unlocked
the window for her husband to escape
after killing laura
and later locked the window making it
seem like nobody else came in
virginia says tomas has been stalking
him adrian
felix and even herself and points to an
apartment across the street
where tomas is lurking she continues to
push
adrian who finally admits that he killed
laura and staged the scene
felix phones and leaves a message on
adrian's home voicemail machine
urging him to call back as he was unable
to reach him on his cell phone
virginia suggests he returned felix's
call as they take a quick 10 minute
break
she exits the apartment and begins to
quickly walk with great urgency
adrian meanwhile turns on his cell phone
and calls felix
felix again says to adrian that he could
not get a hold of him due to his cell
phone being off
so he informs that the prosecution's
witness is indeed the other driver but
his silence was successfully bought
as felix questions how the meeting with
virginia is going
the call begins to go in and out with
high-pitched tones
adrian then realizes the pen exploded
and stained his shirt with ink due to a
signal interruption
caused by the cell phone call revealing
that the pen virginia had given to him
was bugged in their entire conversation
with her had been recorded
he recalls virginia turning off his
phone previously
most probably so the cell phone signal
would not disrupt the recording
he looks into the other apartment and
sees tomas standing next to virginia
who reveals herself to be elvira garrido
in disguise
using the confession elvira coerced from
adrian
tomas calls the police as the real
virginia goodman
arrives at adrian's apartment thank you
all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos
you